Ans 3 :- Reasons to learn Big data technologies
We are living in the age of information. The internet has made it easy for anyone to gather whatever information they need to achieve 
whatever end they desire. Did you know that you could even learn how to build your own car online? Did you know that you could teach
yourself how to run your own Fortune 500 Company? Yes, what was only available to those who could afford Ivy League education is now 
available to anyone with an internet connection. The question is, how will you use this data to your benefit?
Reason why you should learn data analytics

1. Data analytics is now a priority for top organizations
With market competition stiffening, top organizations are turning to data analytics to identify new market opportunities for their 
services and products. As things stand today, 77% of top organizations consider data analytics a critical component of business performance.


2. Increasing job opportunities
As companies begin to realize that they have no capacity to comprehensively gather, interpret and use data, they are beginning to look for
specialists who can do so. If you look at all the major job opportunity platforms such as Indeed and Dice, you will see that there are
increasing number of job postings looking for data analysts and consultants. 

3. Increasing pay for data analytics professionals
As the demand steadily increases and the supply remains low, data analytics professionals are getting paid more and more. In India, as 
it stands today, data analytics professionals are paid on average 50% more than their counterparts in other IT based professions. 

4. Big data analytics is everywhere
Just as it has become imperative to use computers in today’s workplace, the use data analytics professionals to foster growth is slowly 
catching on. There is practically no sector which has remained untouched from the reach of Data Analytics.

5. You will have various job titles from which to choose
A data analytics professional has a broad range of job titles and fields from which to choose. Since big data is used almost everywhere
today, you can choose to be a:
- Metrics and Analytics Specialist
- Data Analyst
- Big Data Engineer
- Data Analytics Consultant

6. You will be at the core of decision-making in the company
One of the leading causes of job place dissatisfaction is that most employees feel as if they do not have any decision-making power. 
They often feel like just another cog in the great corporate wheel. As a data analytics professional, you will be at the core of 
decision-making in your chosen company. 

7. Adoption rate of big data analytics is high
Just as companies started turning to social media for brand advertising and customer engagement, they have also started turning to data analytics
as well. Today, it is almost impossible to find any brand that does not have social media presence. The same will be true as far as data analytics 
adaptation is concerned. 

8. Data analytics is taking over faster than expected
A survey conducted by Nimbus Ninety shows that data analytics is taking over much faster than was projected. The survey found that data
analytics tops the list of technologies to look out for in the coming 3 years.

9. It represents perfect freelancing opportunities
In the near future, a vast majority of the workforce will not want to be tied to just one employer. People are steadily looking for ways 
to diversify their sources of income and methods through which they can find the perfect work-life balance. 

10. Develop new revenue streams
With your ability to analyze and put good data information to good use, you can easily identify new and unexploited streams of revenue 
generation. This is one of the best ways to enrich your life by increasing your earnings.



